---
title: "Watchlog"
date: 2021-01-01
---

## 2020

1. > **The Perks of Being a Wallflower (2012) _(x2)_**      
This is one cheeky, moving and **relevant** coming-of-age movie that every teenager should watch atleast once. I am personally indebted to this movie for introducing me to the ethereal Cocteau Twins.   

2. > **Spider-Man Far from Home (2019) _(x1)_**   
Yea, I enjoy Marvel when I lose my sense of purpose in life and love to squander my time at things less important than planning the next rebellion.   

3. > **If I Stay (2014) _(x1)_**   
A mix of desperation and biological hormones induced me to pick up this piece of warm, cozy heart-breaker. "Heart Like Yours" by Williamette Stone is my takeaway from this endeavour.  

4. > **The Imitation Game (2014) _(x1)_**   
Let's face it, _every biographical movie is eschewed of facts to make the person under scrutiny to appear as a fabled warrior mainly for PR and marketing_. Applying this baseline judgement criterion, I don't find any biographical movie appealing thus _I prefer books_. But, yeah from a tender age, A. Turing has been my hero-ish person. :smiley:   

5. > **Star Wars The Last Jedi (2017) _(x1)_**     
Yes, a nerd here! But this one's not as appealing.   

6. > **The Boss Baby (2017) _(x1)_**   
Upon heavy insistence from my sister (A harsh truth: Every brother has to ultimately succumb to the whimps of his younger sister, no matter how _ridiculous_ those demands are). An OK movie.  

7. > **Star Wars The Rise of Skywalker (2019) _(x1)_**   
Legit nerd, this blogger of yours!

8. > **Interstellar (2014) _(x2)_**   
A mind-bending masterpiece. Thoroughly researched (which I admired), fantastic storyline, gripping cinematography and amazing soundtracks. Typical Nolan goodness!   

9. > **Booksmart (2019) _(x1.5)_**   
It was a result of a desperate movie-hunting spree. But not disappointed as such.  

10. > **The Intern (2015) _(x1)_**   
Nice story and good performances by Robert de Niro and Anna Hathaway.   

11. > **Jumanji The Next Level (2019) _(x1)_**   
Sister rant.   

12. > **Ready Player One (2018) _(x2)_**   
Brimming full of references from the 80s, this is a retro kid's paradise. (The book is _even_ better) Top-notch motion capture and typical Spielberg cinematogrpahy. I loved it!   

13. > **Jumanji Welcome to the Jungle (2017) _(x1)_**   
Sister rant.   

14. > **Dunkirk (2017) _(x1)_**   
Another Nolan epic. Honestly, I don't enjoy subdued voices a lot.  

15. > **Forrest Gump (1994) _(x1)_**   
This is pure delight from the 90s. A fitting watch for a lazy Saturday afternoon.   

16. > **Me Before You (2016) _(x1)_**   
Result of a movie-hunting spree. But a nice moving story. The book by Jojo Moyes is on my distant TBR!   

17. > **2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) _(x1)_**   
Disappointed. I couldn't get what really happened in the end apart from lots of colour splashes which would send a epileptic person into hysteria and horrification which was completely unnecessary.   

18. > **Knives Out (2019) _(x1)_**   
Oh, what a delightful modern day detective story this is! It managed to have my undivided attention for the entire movie duration and more. Also, my introduction to Daniel Craig.   

19. > **Jurassic Park (1993) _(x1)_**   
A Classic. Enough said.  

20. > **Jurassic Park The Lost World (1997) _(x1)_**   
The second is rarely as good as the first, but I have come to believe that's more a result of our own psychological judgement system than a deficiency on the part of the production.  

21. > **Jurassic Park 3 (2001) _(x1)_**   
You kinda get the idea where this is going. :)  

22. > **Se7en (1995) _(x1)_**   
Absolutely gruelsome and gut-wrenching. Kevin Spacey as John Doe is one of _the_ most formiddable characters of all times. You should watch this once. Personally, this was the first time when my sister complemented me on a movie I choose which is a exceedingly rare occasion.  

23. > **Home Alone (1990) _(x1)_**  
Classic, to some extent anyway. Macaulay Culkin as Kevin was badass and adorable. A sister rant.  

24. > **Jurassic World (2015) _(x1)_**   
I thought this was on par with the first movie and maybe, I'll hazard to say, better.  

25. > **Home Alone 2 Lost in New York (1992) _(x1)_**    
Ok. These are honestly recommended for primary school kids.  

26. > **Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom (2018) _(x1)_**    
This movie is basically preparatory ground for what is about to come which is Jurassic World: Dominion which will pick up from where things got interesting and also where things left off. (As of this writing, shooting for Dominion has just finished with extensive expenditure due to the pandemic, according to news)   

27. > **Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004) _(x1)_**     
A quirky and extremely cool take on the idea of love and its meaning. I loved it from start to finish. Also, my introduction to Kate Winslet.  

28. > **The Dark Knight (2008) _(x1)_**    
You gotta watch this crazy shit. Formidable work by Nolan.  

29. > **Pulp Fiction (1994) _(x2)_**     
I was basically ROFL-ing here. A more helpful title would be "An insight into the practical dilemmas of existence for the mafia and his aides". A must-watch for anytime.  

30. > **Night At The Museum (2006) _(x1)_**     
Sister rant. Only good thing would be "Tonight" by Keke Palmer and my introduction to rap. (or whatever they call it)   

31. > **Requiem for a Dream Director's Cut (2000) _(x1)_**     
A brutal masterpiece which is as relevant today as ever. You can [read more][0] about what I have to say.  

32. > **The Social Network (2010) _(x1)_**     
A look into how a Harvard wallflower went on to become the youngest billionaire in the world (and the controversies that ensued). However, facts obscured. Also, who the hell is Erica Albright?   

33. > **Iron Man (2008) _(x1)_**    
Origin story for the fictitious legend who is a messiah for all the nerds in this world. Radiant as ever.   

34. > **The Shawshank Redemption (1994) _(x2)_**    
9.3 on IMDb. Enough said.   

35. > **Fight Club (1999) _(x1)_**   
Do you know what is the most intimate desire of every man? _To be free._ Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt) is the flamboyant manifestation of that desire alive somewhere in every man's heart. And, the climax is, well, a different game altogether.   

36. > **The Silence of the Lambs (1991) _(x1)_**   
I have seen psychological thrillers before but this is uncomfortable. There is an inherent undertone of fear at every moment of the movie. I most certainly believe it is all courtesy the terrifying Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Anthony Hopkins).      

37. > **The Godfather (1972) _(x1)_**   
Exquisite stuff. I think this film is so highly revered for good reasons. Francis Coppola's _magnum opus_? I am too unqualified to comment on that.   

38. > **Spider Man: Into the Spider Verse (2018)  _(x1.5)_**   
A refreshing break from the insane monotonous routine imposed by this year. I was running the risk of becoming mad and this sorta saved me.   

39. > **Blade Runner (1997) _(x1)_**    
I liked it. In fact, it's one of those iconic things that stay after with one after a long time. The imagery, the techniques, everything is top-notch.  

40. > **Blade Runner 2049 (2017) _(x1)_**   
Nothing is as good as the first, as I have often observed. So is it with Blade Runner but its still a commendable effort and I kinda enjoyed it.   

41. > **Eyes Wide Shut (1999) _(x1)_**   
What the f just happened?!   

42. > **The Fifth Element (1997) _(x1)_**   
I cannot decide if I liked or hated The Fifth Element. It's ridiculous in my opinion but funny at the same time. I really have no idea if I should be traumatised or if I should rejoice.     

43. > **Tenet (2020) _(x1.75)_**    
Mind blown. Do I expect Nolan to disappoint?   

44. > **Four Weddings and a Funeral (1997) _(x1.5)_**   
I asked my pals for a comedy as I feared I was getting depressed (which in a sense, I am still) and came out this hilarious suggestion. Perfect watch for a saturday afternoon though not with kids.   
